NGINX, MySQL, CoreDNS - Docker, Kubernetes, ECS instructions (#8760)
DataDog/integrations-core: coredns/README.md

## Setup

### Installation

The CoreDNS check is included in the [Datadog Agent][1] package, so you don't need to install anything else on your servers.

### Configuration
<!-- xxx tabs xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Docker" xxx -->
#### Docker

To configure this check for an Agent running on a container:

##### Metric Collection

> Set [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][9] as Docker labels on your application container:

Reviewer: All the links added to this page are broken. See: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/cswatt/okr-previews/integrations/coredns/?tab=docker#configuration

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.check_names"='["coredns"]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs"='[{}]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.instances"='[{"prometheus_url":"http://%%host%%:9153/metrics", "tags":["dns-pod:%%host%%"]}]'
```

**Notes**:

- The `dns-pod` tag keeps track of the target DNS pod IP. The other tags are related to the dd-agent that is polling the information using the service discovery.
- The service discovery annotations need to be done on the pod. In case of a deployment, add the annotations to the metadata of the template's specifications. Do not add it at the outer specification level.

#### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see the [Docker log collection documentation][10].

Then, set [Log Integrations][11] as Docker labels:

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.logs"='[{"source":"coredns","service":"<SERVICE_NAME>"}]'
```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Kubernetes" xxx -->

#### Kubernetes

To configure this check for an Agent running on Kubernetes:

##### Metric collection

> Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][12] as pod annotations on your application container. Aside from this, you can also configure templates with [a file, a configmap, or a key-value store][13].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][12] as pod annotations on your application container. Alternatively, you can configure templates with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][13].
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: coredns
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/coredns.check_names: '["coredns"]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/coredns.init_configs: '[{}]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/coredns.instances: |
      [
        {
          "prometheus_url": "http://%%host%%:9153/metrics", 
          "tags": ["dns-pod:%%host%%"]
        }
      ]
  labels:
    name: coredns
spec:
  containers:
    - name: coredns
```

**Notes**:

> - The `dns-pod` tag keeps track of the target DNS pod IP. The other tags are related to the dd-agent that is polling the information using the service discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `dns-pod` tag keeps track of the target DNS pod IP. The other tags are related to the Datadog Agent that is polling the information using the service discovery.
```

- The service discovery annotations need to be done on the pod. In case of a deployment, add the annotations to the metadata of the template's specifications. Do not add it at the outer specification level.

#### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see the [Kubernetes log collection documentation][14].

> Then, set [Log Integrations][15] as pod annotations. You can also configure this with [a file, a configmap, or a key-value store][16].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, set [Log Integrations][15] as pod annotations. Alternatively, you can configure this with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][16].
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: coredns
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/coredns.logs: '[{"source": "coredns", "service": "<SERVICE_NAME>"}]'
  labels:
    name: coredns
```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "ECS" xxx -->

#### ECS

To configure this check for an Agent running on ECS:

##### Metric collection

Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][17] as Docker labels on your application container:

```json
{
  "containerDefinitions": [{
    "name": "coredns",
    "image": "coredns:latest",
    "dockerLabels": {
      "com.datadoghq.ad.check_names": "[\"coredns\"]",
      "com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs": "[{}]",
      "com.datadoghq.ad.instances": "[{\"prometheus_url\":\"http://%%host%%:9153/metrics\", \"tags\":[\"dns-pod:%%host%%\"]}]"
    }
  }]
}
```

**Notes**:

> - The `dns-pod` tag keeps track of the target DNS pod IP. The other tags are related to the dd-agent that is polling the information using the service discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `dns-pod` tag keeps track of the target DNS pod IP. The other tags are related to the Datadog Agent that is polling the information using the service discovery.
```

- The service discovery annotations need to be done on the pod. In case of a deployment, add the annotations to the metadata of the template's specifications. Do not add it at the outer specification level.

##### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
